Good morning, ladies and gentleman.
Growing up in China, since the day we entered elementary school, we were constantly bothered so much by this one particular question: "should I go to TsingHua University or Peking University?" When I was little, every year on Tomb Sweeping Day, my mom would take me to the grave of my great-grandpa and say "make a wish, great -grandpa's gonna bless you." Well, mom, clearly, he did not because now I ended up in neither of the universities. Well, it may seem funny that a 7-year-old child who doesn't even understand what a university is would proudly tell the world that he or she aims to attend the top one in China. But that was the time when the idea of pursuing something that is greater than our existence made its debut in our little minds and that wish is the so-called ideal accompanying us all along our journey of life. __However, as we grow older, time and time again the precious ideals shielded in our little hearts confront reality, leaving our minds devastated, our souls drained and our dreams shattered.__ Little by little, we began to see how remotely possible it is to achieve the lofty ideals that we have been working for. Then here comes the question, what is the point of having ideals if they are almost impossible to be realized? Well, to answer this question, we must first figure out what exactly are ideals. According to William Damon, professor of education at Stanford University and author of the book "The Power of Ideals", ideals are "the things you really aspire to in the best of your time and in the best of your life and thinking". Therefore, in this way, you can see ideals don't always stay the same, they change as you grow and step into a new chapter of life. If you work hard enough to get closer to your ideal, you will find yourself in different surroundings. And during the process, with your view broadened and yourself progressed, your heart would naturally be seized by something more appealing. Thus, the idea of realizing ideals is self-contradictory. You see the point of having ideals is not necessarily to make them come true, but to always offer us a better way of life, an optimal choice to work hard for and something to bring out the best of ourselves. For too long, we have been too result-oriented and forget what is truly important and valuable to us, and that is the lessons we've learned along the way. We acquire as much knowledge as possible in high school even if we don't always end up in the dream schools for university education. We train tirelessly and constantly try to push our limits even if not all of us end up getting the first place. We learn from someone well-known and hold them dearly in heart even if we can rarely replicate their success and achieve their accomplishments. Nevertheless, the knowledge, the physical strength and the virtues of those well-known are already a great treasure that can benefit us for the rest of our lives. And most importantly, with ideals, the light of hope will always brighten the path of our journey in life and guide us through the bumpy roads ahead.
Thank you.
